- [Instructor] Throughout this course,
there will be various exercises and mentions
of a fictitious company by the name of Hansel & Petal,
and their website.
As we work through some test-driven development concepts
and practice activities, we will reference
Hansel & Petal often.
For brevity, I may sometimes refer to them simply as H&P.
We're going to take a look at a software development
project that is aiming to make some updates
to the existing H&P Spring based
e-commerce web application.
For our practice, we will be working through
exercises which involve adding a new contacts management
feature to H&P's application.
This new application feature will allow customers
to upload contacts from their address book
and easily have flowers sent to their contacts.
Because this system is already in production,
the stakes are high, and whenever the stakes are high,
we should definitely be practicing TDD.
Let's quickly review some design aspects
of the H&P application.
On the front end, we have our typical user interface
assets, which would include HTML files, CSS and JavaScript.
On the back end is where we're going to focus
our test driven development practice.
And that's where you'll see Spring controllers,
Spring services and Spring data access components.
We'll also be working with a relational data store,
specifically, a MySQL database.
Front end and database layer unit tests are out of scope
for this lesson, but are definitely useful
subjects to study at a later time.